URL: https://www.bumperballchicago.com/
STATUS: 200
TITLE: Bubble Soccer Rentals / BEST PRICES and BEST QUALITY!
META: {"og:image":"https://files.sysers.com/cp/upload/bumper/editor/full/bbc-fb-icon.jpg","og:description":"Bumper Ball Rentals from Bumperball Chicago, Illinois' Bubble Soccer!","og:url":"https://www.bumperballchicago.com/","og:title":"Bubble Soccer Rental Specialists","og:image:alt":"Maine Bubble Soccer Rental Pros","og:type":"website","viewport":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1","keywords":"bumper ball rentals, bubble soccer rentals, knocker ball rentals","description":"Bubble Soccer Rentals from BumperBallChicago.com; BOOK WITH US to get the lowest prices in the area with the best quality! We bring the party to you and come to any location you choose! CALL US 331-431-1134"}

331-431-1134
info@bumperballchicago.com
Home
 
Rental Packages
 
Frequently Asked Questions
 
Customer Service 
 
Waiver
Welcome to BumperBallChicago.com!
Thank you for visiting BumperBallChicago.com; your best choice for bumper balls. Here you'll find the best deals in the Chicago land area! Bumperball is a perfect activity for any Birthday Celebration, Graduation Parties, Youth Groups, Family Picnics, Bachelor Parties and others! We take pride in offering you clean and safe top of the line equipment. If you can not find what you are looking for or simply have a question, please give us a call at (331) 431-1134
Easy Online Reservations
Making your party and event reservations at BumperBallChicago.com is fast and easy with our new online reservations system. Just click the link below and enter the date and times of your event. Then as you browse through the website you will be presented with only those items available on your date. You can also just explore all the categories and as you see items that are perfect for your party, just click the "Add to Cart" button on every product page, and build your party that way. That's it! It's easy as one, two, three! Let's get your party started now!


ADULT SIZE
No one is too old to go bouncing around the soccer field. We offer adult size Bumpers, so even mom and dad can join the fun.
Learn More
KID SIZE
Perfect attraction for your childs birthday party. We offer kid size bumpers, so "they do not fit" is not an excuse.
Learn More
BumperBallChicago provides professional bubble soccer rental service throughout the Chicago area and all the suburbs of Illinois; if you have questions about your specific location please call us at (331) 431-1134
 
Home
Rental Packages
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Waiver



© 2026 Bumperball Chicago               Powered by Event Rental Systems