URL: https://www.bumperballchicago.com/privacy_policy/
STATUS: 200
TITLE: Bubble Soccer Rentals / BEST PRICES and BEST QUALITY!
META: {"og:image":"https://files.sysers.com/cp/upload/bumper/editor/full/bbc-fb-icon.jpg","og:description":"Bumper Ball Rentals from Bumperball Chicago, Illinois' Bubble Soccer!","og:url":"https://www.bumperballchicago.com/","og:title":"Bubble Soccer Rental Specialists","og:image:alt":"Maine Bubble Soccer Rental Pros","og:type":"website","viewport":"width=device-width, initial-scale=1","keywords":"bumper ball rentals, bubble soccer rentals, knocker ball rentals","description":"Bubble Soccer Rentals from BumperBallChicago.com; BOOK WITH US to get the lowest prices in the area with the best quality! We bring the party to you and come to any location you choose! CALL US 331-431-1134"}

331-431-1134
info@bumperballchicago.com
Home
 
Rental Packages
 
Frequently Asked Questions
 
Customer Service 
 
Waiver
Privacy Policy!

We guarantee that your Credit Card transactions are safe and secure. You do not have to be concerned. We also guarantee the safety of any information you provide us.

Your Safety and Security are Important To Us

What will you do with my personal information?
We are very concerned about how other web sites use our personal information (name, e-mail address, preferences, etc.). The, owner of Bumperball Chicago is committed to your privacy. As a result, we will always make sure that any information you elect to provide us is kept confidential. We pledge that we will never provide that information to anyone else. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We do not share or disclose any mobile information provided by you, including phone numbers, with third parties or affiliates for marketing or promotional purposes.

We only use your e-mail address and, any other information you elect to provide us, to better serve you and to keep you informed about changes in our site, party and rental ideas and suggestions, or new products and special pricing only available to our customers and newsletter members . You can rest assured that your information is safe with us. We look forward to serving you.
Official Privacy Policy Statement:

This is the web site of bumperballchicago.com
Our postal address is

Elmhurst, illinois 60126
We can be reached via e-mail at info@bumperballchicago.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 331-431-1134
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server does not collect information regarding your domain or e-mail address. We do not collect information on consumers who browse our Web page. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that our customers add to their shopping cart.

If you supply us with your postal address or telephone numbers on-line during your order, you will only receive postal or telephone contact from us with information regarding orders you have placed on-line.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357) or electronically at https://rn.ftc.gov/pls/dod/wsolcq$.startup?Z_ORG_CODE=PU01.

Is it really safe for me to use my credit card?
Yes it is. Shopping at bumperballchicago.com is extremely safe. We guarantee you 100% safety when you use your credit card with us. You must be on our secure server software on a completely separate compartment of our system and your computer must accept cookies or you will be unable to order. That way we are able to guarantee your credit card purchase. You will never have to pay for any unauthorized charges made to your card as a result of shopping with us at bumperballchicago.com

What makes it so safe?
Technology is secure and stable: The software we use in the order compartment of our system (SSL) is the standard for this industry. All of the major browsers support it and promote how well it works at their web sites and in their software. The software takes the data that you provide and encrypts it in a special coding system that can only be interpreted by our system in our office. This system is actually safer than giving it out over the telephone or sending a fax.
All the big guys are using the same software: Companies like Amazon.com, AT&T, Dell Computers, etc. are using the same software. They have millions of customers who safely shop without experiencing credit card fraud. Since we started, we have had thousands of customers order without any credit card fraud at all. You can feel comfortable that the same precautions taken at the big companies are being taken here to ensure your card's safety.
Still rather not use your card on the internet?
That's fine. You are welcome to print your order and fax it to us with your payment information.
Or mail it to us at:
Bumperball Chicago

Elmhurst, illinois 60126
Remember to include your credit card information, check or money order in the envelope. (Just cut-n-paste this address into your word processor and make a label for your envelope.)
Or call in your order to 331-431-1134


Credit Card Guarantee

Based on the Fair Credit Billing Act passed by the U.S. Congress, your bank is not allowed to hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank should decide to exercise their right to hold you liable for that $50.00, Bumperball Chicago will reimburse you for that amount, up to the full $50.00. bumperballchicago.com will only cover your liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card was caused by no fault of your own from purchases made with bumperballchicago.com while using our SSL secure server.
In the event that you suffer a loss due to unauthorized use of the credit card, according to law, you must notify your credit card company immediately based on the reporting rules and procedures which they have provided you.




Home
Rental Packages
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Waiver



© 2026 Bumperball Chicago               Powered by Event Rental Systems